[Music]
welcome to slash forward the channel
where we provide summarization and
commentary and all your favorite popular
and obscure horror movies we're gonna
try something a little unorthodox in
this video by attempting to summarize
the 1983 cello classic pieces if you're
unfamiliar shallowed denotes a sub-genre
of italian horror films that often
combine elements of slasher films with
themes of mystery or suspense and
sometimes involve the supernatural these
can range from well-crafted intense and
moody thrillers with well-formed plots
and tight pacing to disaster films
filled with nonsense and non sequiturs
pieces leans heavily in this direction
but compensates with crazy gore and
laughably bad dialogue this is a movie
best watched with a group of friends
let's see if we can get a lasso around
the plot and provide something
resembling a coherent synopsis
[Music]
we open on a house in pre-world War to
Boston a simpler time when a young man
may enjoy relaxing in his room on the
weekend quietly assembling a
pornographic puzzle unfortunately and as
always mommy ruins everything when she
walks in and discovers his little
project she immediately becomes abusive
and demands answers but offers him no
time to give them
he watches numbly as she tears apart his
room complaining that he's turning out
just like his father the filthy beast
and become so angry she breaks mirror
twice
she's then threatens stuff like that no
house again and demands he get her a
plastic bag as she proceeds to wipe out
a significant investment in 1940's porn
collecting if she rummages through his
toy chest
fixated on her need for a plastic bag
when she turns around she finds out the
boys hands are not occupied by a plastic
bag the by an axe he chops at her head
splitting it wide open then he quietly
goes to work
dividing mom up into more manageable
pieces while some random lady outside
incessantly rings doorbell
Jia's lady chill out luckily the Boy
Scouts taught him well and he finishes
the job
once done he gets a moment to complete
and enjoy his puzzle after the police
figure out when a front door is they
break in to find the bloody seat their
initial hopes of the recent animal
butchering are dashed when they find
mommy's head the young boy is hiding in
the closet pretending to be scared like
a proper psychopath an unknown amount of
time later we see a man dressed in black
removing a box from a dresser the box
contains some bloody clothes and a
picture of the dead mother he then pulls
out a box that contains the puzzle he
begins to reassemble it which is a
struggle thanks to his rubber gloves
which are a size too large while this is
going on were introduced to the college
campus that will act as the setting for
the rest of the movie a young lady on a
penny board is rolling carefree along
the sidewalks while some cuvee as music
plays in the background
[Music]
in a final destination style series of
circumstances she manages to hit a blind
corner ride his two men are coming
around with a giant mirror what does
this have to do with the Chainsaw
Massacre your guess is as good as any
we then transitioned to a young co-ed
studying while laying out in the Sun as
she tries to concentrate she finds
herself disturbed by the sound of the
landscapers chainsaw she sees him behind
her and he assures her he'll be done
soon he that appears in front of her and
trims her up a bit the next day we meet
a group of young near duels the most
beautiful thing in the world is smoking
pot and [ __ ] on water who you are too
much they demonstrate their rebellious
nature by pulling an epic prank what are
the pictures where are they here gadem
professor Brown continues on his way to
the dean's office and has introduced to
lieutenant Brackett the lead
investigator in the recent chainsaw
decapitation Brown is to show the police
around campus on the way out the Dean
asks for some discretion and openly
discussing the case an unfortunate
accident they accidentally chainsaw it
her head off and during the tour we get
some nonsensical dialogue it was a
present from one of the students God
knows where he got it and Holden admits
they're in a little bit of a fishing
expedition we're just out buying clothes
without labels and trying them on for
size we're then introduced to Willard
this slab of beef as he lovingly
caresses the implements of his trade the
Dean wants to know when he'll be done
and out of there because he's creeping
everyone out turns out he negotiated a
flat rate for his work so he has all the
time in the world to trim bushes and
people on young coeds we didn't find
ourselves in the library finally
introduced to the protagonist Kendall
the sex Scot as evidenced by his party
Cartie he has passed a note from Jenny
telling him to meet her at the pool for
an afternoon delight he tosses the note
wearing the old chainsaw murderer can
pick it up and Jenny tells her friends
about her plans along the way making
sure as many folks as possible know
about her daytime public sex run Jenny
arrives at the pool and decides it's
best to get warmed up so she gets
herself into a state of undress in front
of these giant windows at midday not
wanting to get her top wet she removes
it and then throws it in the water she
starts hitting those laps while the
killer grabs the pool skimmer and
cleanses the pool of her filthy
intentions the struggle to drag her out
causes her to reach a state of total
exhaustion like a fish in the line and
she lays out in a photoshoot poses her
killer retrieves his chainsaw
conveniently located within the pool
area now fully conscious she has trouble
mustering more than mild
concern as her body is dismembered in
the library Kendall's buddy brings me a
message while it seems important don't
tell me I'm the bearer of bad news I
could kill myself we don't find out the
contents of the message meanwhile the
killer's already finished with his dark
business and takes his bag of prizes to
a walk-in freezer
where we find the first victims head
Willard arrives at the pool to find
what's left of Jenny just in time to see
Kendall running off
Kendall returns immediately with the
police who attempt to brutalize Willard
but find it hard to manage a human tank
once the situation is under control
Bracken summons Professor Brown to ask a
question ahead of the coroner arriving
could that have been done with a
chainsaw to which Brown gives an obvious
answer even a layman concede was done
with this feeling the imbalance of power
from this public display of his
ignorance Bracken scolds the professor
for touching the chainsaw and
potentially destroying evidence right
before his crew backs at the body ahead
of the coroner's arrival destroying
untold volumes of evidence themselves
the lieutenant verbalizes his concerns
about the status of the investigation I
wonder what the hell he's doing with all
the pieces that are missing that's what
I mean it's creepy he got me I know the
new players to try to fade out the
killer by placing an undercover female
officer on campus as the investigation
continues we also come to find out that
Kendall was actually late to his
rendezvous with Jenny because he was
busy making it with another lady
thankfully for all of us he shares his
methods just when they come running thus
securing lieutenant Bracken's full trust
later that evening in the basement of
one of the buildings we see a dance
class practicing new choreography we
established this as prime creeping
grounds for the murderer as his
cardboard silhouette pierced through the
window at them when the choreographer
inexplicably ends on the three-count
okay he runs off in disgust as this
makes no sense
meanwhile Kendall is meeting with the
profiler at the police station he gives
Kendall a preliminary diagnosis I'm sure
you don't need my service and then they
spend all of 30 seconds learning what
Kendall knows to create a profile he
comes back out to find Bracken and
listing the help of Mary Riggs police
officer slash tennis pro who will be
working undercover on campus and backed
up by Kendall the Boston Globe shows up
to ask some questions and Bracken
verbalizes what we're all thinking
I don't know what's happy what what's
happening
smooth bro he totally handled that
situation and this transitions into an
exhibition tennis match where Mary is
dominating an amateur by serving from
the net as the whole school watches good
undercover work there that evening we
find the dance instructor working
some more sick choreography she hears
some noises which spooks her so she gets
herself dressed and takes off realizing
the mistake of rehearsing alone at night
when there's a chainsaw murderer running
wild she runs to the elevator as fast as
she can she's startled by someone but it
turns out he's familiar to her her
visitors somehow manages to palma
chainsaw keeping it hidden in defiance
of three-dimensional space he then goes
ahead and grabs a souvenir and flees
Kendall and a couple of officers hear
the screams and run to see what's going
on
Kendall arrives in the scene as quickly
as he can in heels they're greeted by a
grisly scene and Tom just out of the
Academy loses his cookies in the scene
that follows we find out that Miri is
still alive but also that she doesn't
have a chance in hell
the lieutenant can't get a light to save
his life now he please give me a match
sorry I don't smoke he's been sucking
that cigar for days and then he gets
holding authority to use the full budget
at the police department to run a
background search including payroll as
he does this all the suspects show up
congregating on a rainy night like we're
watching clue or something
that evening Kendall continues his
campus conquests when he looks out his
window he sees Mary snooping around
outside doing standard undercover work
she's clearly being stalked by any of a
variety of individuals as she turns a
corner she's confronted and attacked by
a kung-fu master that production crew
had on loan despite his excellent form
and her inability to mount any sort of
reasonable defense he's unable to leave
a shot before she donkey kicks him right
in the nuts
Kendall rolls up on his hog and they
laugh off the nighttime assault bad Chop
Suey song in Kendall takes Mary home
immediately thereafter we find out
there's a separate woman wandering
around in the dark checking doors and
skulking through buildings as though she
knows she's in a horror movie the
murderer does catch up with her and
opting for a knife this time he proceeds
to brutally slaughter her on a waterbed
finishing the job with his stamp through
the mouth he drags her off to the
walk-in
then the puzzle always the puzzle the
next morning we find a young tennis star
getting in some solo practice with some
nasty parade music begins to blare over
the PA system
unable to focus on her stroke she runs
off one may presume to find the source
of the music and turn it off but she
ends up in the shower instead
unfortunately for her this is exactly
what the murderer wants and he begins to
stalk her through the locker room he
presents himself directly in front of
her and then chases her into an enclosed
space she manages to lock the door but
he cuts his way in and having her
cornered he proceeds to gut her like a
pig Kendall and Mary show up to inquire
about the music they ask Willard if he's
in charge of that to which he replies no
way lady I just take care of the grounds
all electronics is someone else's right
he's a landscaper on the contract job
that doesn't include sound engineering
nevertheless he does have a key but
apparently it's gone missing which
doesn't prevent them from also turning
off music they run back out to meet
Kendall who found the most recent victim
and apparently played around with her
insides why the bloody hand freak Mary
gazes upon Susie's body now cut in half
and emotes did you get it all okay there
you go
later Miriam wants to ask the Dean some
questions luckily she meets up with
Kendall who knows and does everything
the plot requires of them in this case
he's able to spout off all the deans
personal calendar commitments for Mary
who heads off to meet him at 7:00
meanwhile Kendall is enlisted to help
with the records search they discover a
paperwork anomaly the Dena's actually
had a name change holden calls it in and
get more details in the deans prior life
the dean's real name connects them to
the opening murder while the details of
what transpired as a result of that
event a murky it's apparently all they
need to go make a bust
luckily they do because Mary is with the
Dean asking him about professor Browns
suspicious homosexual tendencies turns
out the Dean is woke a F as long as he
doesn't break the rules
that's his affair bran seems more upset
about his affliction than I am in that
regard but not in regards to declining
to spike Mary's coffee with sleepy juice
which he does do gratuitously she finds
out too late as she begins to realize
that she's able to see in here but can't
move her limbs the Dean recognizes a
perfect pair of feet when he sees them
and immediately whips out the plastic
sheets and rubber gloves for party time
he begins to end her tennis career right
as the gang shows up they work their way
to the interior of the apartment in a
slow and disorganized manner
this gives the Dean time to hide they
arrived to find Mary unresponsive and
assume they just missed the Dean running
out the way they came in the officers
pursue while Kendall ten
to marry she tries to warn him if the
Dean is actually still there and as they
tried to walk off total paralysis the
Dean bursts from the drapery to knife in
hand Kendall manages to keep from
getting stabbed holding the Dean off
just long enough for lieutenant Bracken
to nonchalantly wander back in and score
a headshot as they look around for more
evidence Holden finds the jigsaw puzzle
they both have a hearty laugh about how
much of a freak the Dean is Holden
contending that it's a perk of the job
real freak join the forest kid we're
finding out little secrets like that all
the time
he reveals another little tidbit as he
inadvertently discovers replacement
mommy
which falls on the Kendall I don't hear
any laughing now when the dust settles
and everyone's nerves are calmed they go
to leave having solved the mystery of
the college campus chainsaw murderer
ready to live happily ever after him to
get back to his carefree life of chasing
tail while preparing for his future
kendall takes a quick step toward
retrieving his jacket gets his dick
ripped off and that's the gist of what's
going on here this movie is full of
incredible dialogue and other randomness
most of which had to be skipped because
it doesn't fit in anywhere it's a
must-own for fans of the genre but also
an example of the extreme if you're
interested in something more suspenseful
or serious that type of movie is
certainly available but not here pieces
in some ways stands alone I hope you
enjoy watching this movie at some point
in the future and enjoyed watching this
video about the movie thanks for
watching
[Music]